Talk Python To Me, episode number zero, recorded Saturday, March 21st, 2015.
Hello, and welcome to Talk Python To Me, a weekly podcast on Python.
The language, the libraries, the ecosystem, and the personalities.
This is your host, Michael Kennedy.
Follow me on Twitter, where I'm @mkennedy, and keep up with the show and listen to past
episodes at talkpythontome.com.
This very short episode is just a small deposit to get this podcast started.
I looked around and I saw that there was really no good Python podcasts anymore.
There used to be, but for some reason they all stopped.
So I decided it's time to take some action and create a podcast for everybody out there
in the Python community.
So I hope you all enjoy it, and I hope you let me know what you think of the show by contacting
me.
First, though, I want to let you know we have some fantastic episodes and some brilliant
guests lined up for the very first set of shows.
One of the first guests is going to be Mike Bayer, who is the creator and maintainer of SQL
Alchemy.
SQLAlchemy is a really fantastic ORM that lets you talk to all sorts of relational databases.
On the other side, maybe we want to talk about NoSQL and non-relational databases.
So we're going to have Jesse Davis from MongoDB on our show as well.
And Jesse is the maintainer and the author of PyMongo, the PyMongo driver, as well as a ton
of other amazing Python open source projects.
So we're going to talk to Jesse about Python, about MongoDB, maybe even some asyncio.
We're also going to talk about web services.
We're going to focus on EVE, which is an open source REST API.
And we're going to talk to Nikola Hiroshi about EVE.
Should be a fascinating conversation.
Well, I hope you're looking forward to these conversations as much as I am.
Now, before you go, I hope you'll go over to talkpythontome.com and click on friends of
the show.
There you can become a friend of the show.
All you have to do is give us our email address.
We'll send out notifications when upcoming shows are going on.
We'll send out questionnaires and polls asking about what topics you might want us to cover
next, things like that.
So go over to talkpythontome.com, click on friends of the show and become a friend of the
show right now.
Speaking of which, if you've got a topic you want featured or you want to give us some
sort of feedback, email us.
Just go over to talkpythontome.com slash home slash contact.
And there's a couple of ways in which you can get in touch with us.
You can either email us or contact us on Twitter there.
So thanks for checking out the show.
And I will see you all online.
Smicks, take us out of here.
Stating with my voice.
There's no norm that I can feel within.
Haven't been sleeping.
I've been using lots of rest.
I'll pass the mic back to who rocked his best.
I'm first a ballot first.
developers, developers, developers, developers.